Be seated, yes.
Did you have the bag?
No, we have the bag.
We have the bag.
Not for the foundation thinking.
In the sixth century,
whale, the figure of St. David,
moves mysteriously
and throughout a complex mixture
of saints, scholars, sailors,
settlers,
princes and pirates.
As with King Arthur, little is known of St. David,
except what knowledge
derives from folklore.
What really matters is that
there existed a man who gave whales
an example of holy living,
which inspired
his fellow missionaries and earned him
the special honor of patron saint,
a man who was supposed to
have been born of St. Non,
founded monasteries
and awed a synod of kings
with his oratory.
His last words, it is claimed,
were,
I have the welch, but I think I'll do it in English,
says,
Persevere in those things
which you have learned from me
and have seen in me.
There is a welch folk song
called St. David's Day.
It tells of the enemy trying to
mislead the welch
with a mode of dress
who wore the leek as a distinguishing
sign.
A king named Cadwallan
referred to in a poem was
King of North Wales
about 603.
He waged continual war
against the Saxons
using the leek for positive
identification.